there's a sea of bodies outside Al OA
Hospital in central
Gaza the aftermath of Israel air strikes
on Al magazi refugee camp
overnight it's Christmas day but there's
nothing for these Palestinian families
to unwrap except the plastic containing
the remains of their loved
ones a painful
goodby a stream of MERS passes through
the morg a among the dead many women and
children including a 2-we old
baby the injured were taken to barely
functioning hospitals where staff aren't
able to offer much more than basic first
aid Al AA is one of the few medical
facilities in Gaza still open and it's
struggling to cope with the growing
numbers of dead and
injured there's a lot of wounded
patients that are still still sleeping
on the floor because we don't have any
places there's no capacity you can't
even walk in the corridors because the
number of wounded that exceeds the
number of beds the number of patients we
have is five times capacity that we have
in the
hospital Israel's bombing campaign on Al
magazi on Christmas Eve meant no rest
for families they spent the night
digging through the
rubble we were sitting down and out of
nowhere we didn't know what happened all
all of a sudden there was an explosion
we didn't know if it was our house or
our neighbors we went down and found
dead bodies
everywhere these days there is no
electricity or water so everyone at this
time of night is just sitting in their
houses with their loved ones but look
around nothing is left the whole
neighborhood is
gone the densely populated residential
area was also targeted last month at
least 50 Palestinians were killed in
that
attack the death toll in Gaza has
reached unprecedented levels diplomatic
efforts to negotiate a ceasefire are
making little
progress for many in the world this time
of year is marked by families coming
together to celebrate not to say their
final goodbyes there will be no joy and
no laughter here for Palestinian in Gaza
each passing Day brings another row of
bodies draped in sheets and more
families with nothing to celebrate
heading into the new year Mike label El
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer